For my prototype i first made the account creation page, at first it was extremly simple and only let you type a username and password. Then i added other details to fill in like gender, age and email. Then i made it save the details to local storage and tested if it worked, next i decided to make a home and sign in page. First i made the home page which had a description of what it was for and what it did, additonally had two links to the create account and sign in page. At first the links didn't work when tested but eventually i got them to work, then i started to work on the sign in page. In the sign in page it asked you to input your username and password, it would also say sign in succsessfull if the details matched the ones in local storage. Then i looked through my 3 webpages and decided to make some improvments, first i realised after some testing that it alouded you to input your age as lower then 0 so i first fixed it so 0 is the lowest input. Next i made it so the sign in page allowed you to put your username or email just like many websites do, then i made the sign in button send you back to the homepage. Additionally also made the create account button send you to the sign in page, on my homepgae i also added a GOV.UK button which sends you to GOV.UK . After being satfied that my website was working as i wanted it to at this stage i decided to make it look better, i decided to use a blue, white and black that matches the blue and white used by GOV.UK . In practice what this account creation would do is used the details you give it like age or gender to recommend certain pages which may be useful to you, also as you use the site and visit certain pages it would match recommendations to pages you've visited. It would also help with the current problem of needing to reinput data into GOV.UK that you've already given it as it would remember it now.